Peer agg discovery (#53112)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/architecture/mixed-version-proxy.md

`--bind-address` command line argument to the kube-apiserver.
If those too, are unset, the host's default interface is used.

## Peer-aggregated discovery

When you enable the feature, discovery requests are automatically enabled to serve

> a comprehensive discovery document (listing all resources served by all apiservers in the cluster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a comprehensive discovery document (listing all resources served by any apiserver in the cluster)
```

(The prior phrasing could be incorrectly interpreted to be a intersection operation rather than a union operation)

by default. 

If you would like to request
a non peer-aggregated discovery document, you can indicate so by adding the following Accept header to the discovery request:

```
application/json;g=apidiscovery.k8s.io;v=v2;as=APIGroupDiscoveryList;profile=nopeer
```

**Note:** peer-aggregated discovery is only
supported for [Aggregated Discovery](/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#aggregated-discovery) requests to the `/apis` endpoint and not for [Unaggregated (Legacy) Discovery](/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#aggregated-discovery) requests.

> 

Reviewer 2: For this would be good to use the '[note](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#tabs-demo-inline-markdown-and-html)' shortcode.

```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Peer-aggregated discovery is only supported
for [Aggregated Discovery](/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#aggregated-discovery) requests
to the `/apis` endpoint and not for [Unaggregated (Legacy) Discovery](/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#unaggregated-discovery) requests.
{{< /note >}}

```

### How it works under the hood

When an API Server receives a resource request, it first checks which API servers can
serve the requested resource. This check happens using the non peer-aggregated discovery document.

* If the resource is listed in the non peer-aggregated discovery document retrieved from the API server that received the request(for example, `GET /api/v1/pods/some-pod`), the request is handled locally.

> * If the resource in a request (for example, `GET /batch/v1/jobs`) is not found in the non peer-aggregated discovery document retrieved from the API server trying to handle the request (the _handling API server_), likely because it has the `batch` API disabled, then the _handling API server_ fetches the peer API servers that do serve the relevant API group / version / resource (`batch/v1` in this case) by checking the non peer-aggregated discovery documents from all peer API servers. The _handling API server_ then proxies the request to one of the matching peer kube-apiservers that are aware of the requested resource.

Reviewer 3: nit: I know this is pre-existing, but giving the example that an apiserver intentionally disables a GA group-version `batch` feels weird. Can we be consistent with the upgrade scenario and say something like `jobs` is a new API added and the old apiserver does not support it?

Author: Updated to use an example for `/apis/resource.k8s.io/v1beta1/resourceclaims` and clarified that the resource may not be supported on an older apiserver because it may have been introduced in a later version.
